Document HF_TRANSFER (#1330)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/models-downloading.md

If you have write-access to the particular model repo, you'll also have the ability to commit and push revisions to the model.

Add your SSH public key to [your user settings](https://huggingface.co/settings/keys) to push changes and/or access private repos.

## Faster downloads

> You can also use the `hf_transfer` library which might give you the ability to download data faster from the Hub. This is 
> mainly relevent if you have a machine with high bandwidth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running on a machine with high bandwidth,
you can increase your download speed with [`hf_transfer`](https://github.com/huggingface/hf_transfer),
a Rust-based library developed to speed up file transfers with the Hub.
```

```bash
pip install huggingface_hub[hf_transfer]
HF_HUB_ENABLE_HF_TRANSFER=1 huggingface-cli download ...
```

> To learn more, check out the documentation [here](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/guides/download#faster-downloads)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<Tip warning={true}>

`hf_transfer` is a power user tool!
It is tested and production-ready,
but it lacks user-friendly features like advanced error handling or proxies.
For more details, please take a look at this [guide](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/hf_transfer).

</Tip>
```
